fix: Correct documentation about event flags (#63)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: esc_reference.template.rst

-  ready : These are commands that will run when a room loads, after it becomes
   visible (i.e. once ":setup" completes and after the "transition in").

An example of how you might initialize a room is:

.. code-block::

   :setup
   teleport player door1 [eq ESC_LAST_SCENE scene1]
   teleport player door2 [eq ESC_LAST_SCENE scene2]

This will teleport the player to the appropriate point in the scene

> (the ESC location "door1" or "door2") depending on the last visited scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(the `ESCLocation` "door1" or "door2") depending on the last visited scene.
```

-  ``NO_SAVE`` disables saving: Use this in cutscenes and anywhere a
   badly-timed autosave would leave your game in a messed-up state.

Specify a flag using the event name, a pipe character, and then the flag.

> For example :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```
